
来源
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2016/08/11/theres-a-new-way-to-make-strong-passwords-and-its-way-easier/

Long passphrases are emerging as a better alternative for digital security than complex codes made of letters, 
numbers and special keystrokes that are hard to remember.
长的口令句是一种新兴的比由复杂字母，数字，特殊字符组成的复杂密码更好的选择，因为后者太难记了。

According to a series of studies from Carnegie Mellon University, longer passwords are effective because their length stumps 
hacking programs.
根据卡耐基-梅隆大学（Carnegie Mellon University）的系列研究，更长的密码是很有效的， 因为它们的长度使破解程序很为难。

People tend to dislike complex computer passwords that are difficult to remember, the studies said, as they are often a 
nonsensical jumble of letters, numbers and symbols said to be essential for digital security.
研究显示，人们倾向于不太喜欢复杂的计算机密码， 很难记忆， 因为它们经常是没有意义的，跳跃的字母，数字，符号，这些都是数字安全
要求的必不可少的。
Longer passwords, known as passphrases, usually 16 to 64 characters long, is increasingly seen as an escape route from complex 
codes, reported the Washington Post.
华盛顿邮报报告，更长的密码，称为口令句，通常会有16-64个字符那么长， 更加被认为是一个从复杂口令摆脱的迂回策略。

To a computer, poetry or simple sentences can be just as hard to crack. People are less likely to forget them, researchers said.
研究者说，对于计算机来说，诗歌或者简单的句子，是很难被破解掉的，人们也不太容易遗忘。
"For equivalent amounts of security, longer tends to be more useful for people," said Michelle Mazurek, one of the Carnegie 
Mellon researchers, now at the University of Maryland College Park.
Michelle Mazurek，卡耐基-梅隆大学的研究者，现在在马里兰大学帕克分校（University of Maryland College Park），这么说，”对于安
全的等价物，更长对于跟人们更有用“
Shay said that the Carnegie Mellon passwords had the at-times convoluted requirements of needing an uppercase letter, a lowercase 
letter, a number, and a "special character."
她说，卡耐基-梅隆大学的密码有定性的费解的要求，需要有大写字母，小写字母，数字和特殊字符，
Passphrases seem to suggest a better alternative, but Shay conceded that since security professionals generally agree that a 
special character, for instance, does help guard against hacks, there really is no one-size-fits-all password safeguard. "There 
is no perfect password," he said.
口令句看起来是更好的选择，但是她妥协了，安全专员认为特殊字符对于防卫黑客是有用的，通常没有一个一体通用的密码防护，

Beyond the Carnegie Mellon research, the trend has been backed up by the National Institute for Standards and Technology, 
which issued recommendations that not only encouraged users to adopt longer passwords, but also put a stop to the sometimes 
annoying practice of forcing a password re-set every 60 days
超出卡耐基-梅隆大学之外，这个趋势已经被美国国家标准技术研究院（ National Institute for Standards and Technology）支持，他们不仅
鼓励用户采用更长的密码，并且停止了 的烦人做法，强制每隔60天就要求修改密码

我的经历，曾经对自己的备份文档使用了两句唐诗作为密码。

